It's time to celebrate.
You've achieved so much in this course.
You've gained experience with software engineering practices,
that help you produce efficient,
robust and maintainable code.
I can't emphasize enough,
how much these skills will make you stronger as a data scientist.
So, be sure to apply them in your daily work and your professional portfolio.
You've also gained experience with
object-oriented programming and writing a Python package.
You now have a sense for how packages like scikit-learn and pandas work under the hood.
Use these skills to write your own packages and share your code with the world.
Finally, you've built a web application that loads a data dashboard.
We encourage you to take the template code from
the web development lesson and reuse it for your own purposes.
It's a great way to show off your data analysis and data storytelling skills.
This course was designed to get you comfortable with
writing code for real world applications.
The stronger you are at coding,
the more success you'll have as a data scientist.
Definitely. Data science is powerful.
But to bring its contributions to production,
you often need software engineering.
Although the amount of software engineering you need to know,
will vary across teams and companies,
developing these skills will really help you with implementing your data science ideas.
Be sure to share what you've built on the Slack channel,
on a personal blog and in a GitHub repository.
We're really excited to see what you build.